_assignments/project03.md, before:

---
layout: assignment
due: 2025-09-30 23:59:59
github_url: https://classroom.github.com/a/mylJ92sN
published: false
---

## Requirements

1. You will evolve your project02 code to use a persistent [SQLite](https://sqlite.org/index.html) database in addition to the in-memory map of maps
1. Your solution must continue to support previous test cases
1. Your solution must not introduce [SQL Injection](https://go.dev/doc/database/sql-injection) vulnerabilities
1. Your solution must use a Go `interface` to build an abstraction for the persistent SQLite database vs. the in-memory map of maps
    1. Make the indexing code switchable either using VS Code's `launch.json` 
        ```json
        "args": ["-index", "inmem"]
        ```
    or on the command line using a Go [flag](https://pkg.go.dev/flag), e.g. 
        ```sh
        $ go run . -index=sqlite
        ```


## Given

1. We will [discuss](/slides/sql-in-go.html) several approaches to program SQLite databases using Go
1. We will demonstrate programming SQL using the [raw APIs from mattn](https://github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3) and the [ORM APIs from jinzhu](https://gorm.io/)

## Rubric
1. 5 pts: `TestExtract()`
1. 5 pts: `TestCleanHref()`
1. 5 pts: `TestDownload()`
1. 5 pts: `TestCrawl()`
1. 5 pts: `TestSearch()`
1. 10 pts: `TestStop()`
1. 10 pts: `TestTfIdf()`
1. 15 pts: LLM implementation in a [new repo](https://classroom.github.com/a/4NEOJcMA)
1. 40 pts: Code review. 
    1. Please sign up for a different grader than you met for project02. 
    1. You will demonstrate the required interfaces and implementation, but no new test cases are required.

## Implementation tips
1. You'll need SQL `pragma foreign_keys = on;` for each database connection.
1. If you have SQL `UNIQUE` columns, you don't need to add an index for those because SQLite does so automatically. 
1. However, if you want to `SELECT` for columns in a table, SQLite needs to have an index for each searchable column. In lecture, we described that the `hits` (or `frequency`) table contains non-unique columns that you might want to `SELECT` for
1. If you want to search the SQL index using a join, here's a tip for how to start that query `SELECT urls.name, hits.count FROM urls`. You can finish it.

Commit message:

add few-shot to llm portion

_assignments/project03.md, after:

---
layout: assignment
due: 2025-09-30 23:59:59
github_url: https://classroom.github.com/a/mylJ92sN
published: false
---

## Requirements

1. You will evolve your project02 code to use a persistent [SQLite](https://sqlite.org/index.html) database in addition to the in-memory map of maps
1. Your solution must continue to support previous test cases
1. Your solution must not introduce [SQL Injection](https://go.dev/doc/database/sql-injection) vulnerabilities
1. Your solution must use a Go `interface` to build an abstraction for the persistent SQLite database vs. the in-memory map of maps
    1. Make the indexing code switchable either using VS Code's `launch.json` 
        ```json
        "args": ["-index", "inmem"]
        ```
    or on the command line using a Go [flag](https://pkg.go.dev/flag), e.g. 
        ```sh
        $ go run . -index=sqlite
        ```


## Given

1. We will [discuss](/slides/sql-in-go.html) several approaches to program SQLite databases using Go
1. We will demonstrate programming SQL using the [raw APIs from mattn](https://github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3) and the [ORM APIs from jinzhu](https://gorm.io/)

## Rubric
1. 5 pts: `TestExtract()`
1. 5 pts: `TestCleanHref()`
1. 5 pts: `TestDownload()`
1. 5 pts: `TestCrawl()`
1. 5 pts: `TestSearch()`
1. 10 pts: `TestStop()`
1. 10 pts: `TestTfIdf()`
1. 15 pts: LLM implementation in a [new repo](https://classroom.github.com/a/4NEOJcMA). 
    1. Include a file containing the ("few-shot") prompts you made to improve LLM output
1. 40 pts: Code review. 
    1. Please sign up for a different grader than you met for project02. 
    1. You will demonstrate the required interfaces and implementation, but no new test cases are required.

## Implementation tips
1. You'll need SQL `pragma foreign_keys = on;` for each database connection.
1. If you have SQL `UNIQUE` columns, you don't need to add an index for those because SQLite does so automatically. 
1. However, if you want to `SELECT` for columns in a table, SQLite needs to have an index for each searchable column. In lecture, we described that the `hits` (or `frequency`) table contains non-unique columns that you might want to `SELECT` for
1. If you want to search the SQL index using a join, here's a tip for how to start that query `SELECT urls.name, hits.count FROM urls`. You can finish it.
